---
title: "Mission"
bg: green
color: black
fa-icon: paint-brush
---

# What drives us (Mission Statement):

- **We believe in science.** Our team is made up of the next generation of doctors, engineers, and scientists. We use ***data-driven*** prototyping and manufacturing practices to ensure that our products are supported by the latest findings in medicine and science. We believe that fostering a culture guided by biomedical research provides customers with period products that are held to the highest standards of ***health*** and ***safety***.

- **We embrace innovative technology and healthcare.** We believe that thoughtful engineering and innovative thinking can reshape the period product market. We are committed to providing period products that go beyond feminine hygiene and contribute to the ***OB-GYN/O&G healthcare*** of our customers. Our innovative products support the overall well-being of our customers while being ***easy to use*** and ***cost-effective***.


- **We are committed to sustainability.** By developing sustainable solutions for the period product market, we are promoting consumer behavior changes that ***reduce, reuse, and recycle***. Our reusable products are more ***eco-friendly*** than traditional period products by reducing single-use waste from going into landfills and having a lower carbon footprint.


- **We advocate for equity and inclusivity.** We recognize that menstruation does not always correlate to feminine identity. That is why we aim to provide period products for ***all identities*** of menstruating individuals. To grow our ***inclusive community***, we design our business model around the contribution to efforts in menstruation ***education*** and healthcare ***empowerment*** for all menstruating individuals.
